[ring][WIP] Initial Contribution (#18668)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.ring/README.md

# Ring Binding

This is an experimental binding to the Ring.com API. 
It currently supports a Ring account and is able to discover Ring Video Doorbells, Stick Up Cameras, Chimes, and other devices. 
They need to be registered in the Ring account before they will be detected.

It currently does *not* support live video streaming, but you can view recorded videos, if this service is enabled in the Ring account.

## Supported Things

The binding currently supports Ring Video Doorbell, Stick Up Cameras, Chimes, and others.
*Other* is identified as any of the non-traditional types such as the intercom.

## Discovery

Auto-discovery is supported by this binding. 
After (manually) adding a Ring Account bridge, registered doorbells and chimes will be auto discovered.

> ## Binding Configuration

Author: Done.

> Binding configuration is necessary. The easiest way to do this is from the UI. Just add a new thing, select the Ring binding, then Ring Account Binding Thing, and enter username and password. 

Author: DOne.

| Channel Type ID    | Item Type | Description                                                                                  |
|--------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| url                | String    | The URL to a recorded video (only when subscribed on ring.com)                               |
| createdAt          | DateTime  | The date and time the event was created                                                      |
| kind               | String    | The kind of event, usually 'motion' or 'ding'                                                |
| doorbotId          | String    | The internal id of the doorbot that generated the currently selected event                   |
| doorbotDescription | String    | The description of the doorbot that generated the currently selected event (e.g. Front Door) |

### Device Status (Video Doorbell Binding Thing, Stickup Cam Binding Thing, Other Binding Thing only):

| Channel Type ID  | Item Type | Description         |
|------------------|-----------|---------------------|
| battery          | Number    | Battery level in %  |

## Full Example

> NOTE 1: Replace <ring_device_id> with a valid ring device ID when manually configuring. The easiest way to currently get that is to define the account bridge and pull the device ID from the last event channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE 1: Replace <ring_device_id> with a valid ring device ID when manually configuring.
The easiest way to currently get that is to define the account bridge and pull the device ID from the last event channel.
```

Author: Done

> NOTE 2: Text configuration for the Things ONLY works if you DO NOT have 2 factor authentication enabled. If you are using 2 factor authentication, Things MUST be set up through PaperUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE 2: Text configuration for the Things ONLY works if you DO NOT have 2 factor authentication enabled.
If you are using 2 factor authentication, things MUST be set up through Main UI.
```

Author: Done.
